# Final Project Proposal

Food access is usually regarded as one of the major problems in public health. As the major topic in social policy, community food markets and farm markets, especially for the information about farm markets is my topic for final project.Farmers markets are public markets at which farmers and other agricultural producers and small artisan food businesses sell directly to consumers. For my final project, I will create a story application to obtain the information of local farm markets.

From OpenDataPhilly, I obtained the geojson dataset named "Farmers_Markets". This dataset contains locations and attributes of farmers markets in the City of Philadelphia. This dataset shows various farmer markets that are near different neighborhoods. At the same time, the open dates of these farmer markets, including month, day, and time, are all available in this dataset. Furthermore, to make the markets more accessible, the major bus and subway routes are shown in the dataset as well.

My story will have multiple slides that contains the information about how to filter my dataset in each slide. I will create the jquery-2.2.0.js, leaflet.js, underscore.js, setup.js, and main setup.js in my js file. Combining what we had learn before midterm, I will use some techniques learned afterwards, such as the interactive application using Leaflet Draw and Turf.js in last week.

There are various types of users, including residents in each neighborhood, community organization, restaurants etc. According to their own circumstances, such as location and preferred shopping date, they would find the markets' information from my web.

On the first page, I will draw a shape on the map than contains the overall farmer markets location. On the second page, all markets will be shown by different colors that are classified by different rage of zip code. On the third page, if the user type into the button about zip code, the nearby farmer markets will show up as points. All points that overlap with the shape should be represented as separate elements in the sidebar, including the name, address, and ways of taking public transit. When the user clicks on an element in the sidebar, the corresponding point on the map should become highlighted. Similarly, on the fourth page, if the user type their located neighborhoods, the nearby farmer markets will show up as well and the corresponding point on the map should become highlighted. On the fifth page, if the user type into the button that asks which date they would like to go (month, day, and time) and their zip code, the available farmer markets will shown in the map and the corresponding points will show the information on the sidebar. If there is no open markets based on the requirements, the alert page will popup.

There may be some anticipated difficulties. One big thing I could think about is how to combine the filter technique with alert component in my prototype. How the alter page popup? How the button in each page combines the information in the dataset. Also, I may show the resulting in the sidebar as table format. But I am still struggling with how to deal with it.
